---
id: introduction
title: Development Introduction
sidebar_label: Introduction
---

The project uses an open source [Serverless Framework](https://www.serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/intro/) project for building and deploying the solution in [AWS cloud](https://aws.amazon.com/).
The project is made up of various independently **deployable units**. Each deployment unit is usually implemented as a separate Serverless Framework Service project.

Additionally, the project follows the [Component Architecture](/development/component-architecture) to create the solution by composing various loosely coupled components.
Each component provides a collection of packages required for implementing a given solution functionality.
These components are assembled using a custom `solution-assemble` Serverless Framework command to dynamically compose various deployment units that make up the solution. See [Solution Assembly](/development/solution-assembly) for more details.

The project code is organized in the following directory structure.

<ul>
  <li><strong>components</strong>: Contains various components that make up the project.</li>
  <li><strong>main</strong>: Contains project specific code that does not belong to any specific component.</li>
  <ul>
    <li><strong>config</strong>: Top level project settings/configuration files. The configuration files at this level apply to all the deployable units of the project.</li>
    <li><strong>integration-tests</strong>: Contains project specific automated integration tests.</li>
    <li><strong>packages</strong>: Contains project specific library packages i.e., the library packages not provided by any components but any additional custom library packages specific to the project.</li>
    <li><strong>solution</strong>: Contains project specific deployable units i.e., the deployable units not provided by any components but any additional custom deployable units specific to the project.</li>
    <li><strong>.generated-solution</strong>: Contains all deployable units generated by <a href='#TODO'>assembling</a> components of the solution.</li>
  </ul>
</ul>
